>> Mike North: So there are three
plus one kinds of cross-site
scripting attack categories.
I say three plus one cuz the last
one here is debatable, like two or
three penetration testing firms
talk about this last one.
I'm going to present it to you as
a fourth category cuz it's interesting.
So stored cross-site scripting attacks,
that means you're adding
something to a database, right.
I am registering an account and
my user name has a script tag in it,
that is a stored record.
And so
that data ends up living a long time, and
it gets pulled out of the database for
the purpose of rendering pages.
And so that is how that attack looks.
A reflected cross-site scripting attack
means that a temporary response from
a server, you can trick that into having
some code that executes on the page.
So imagine if it was a validation
error message saying, I'm sorry,
you may not sign up for
an account because script tag terrible is
not a valid username, and
it would allow that to execute.
DOM based cross-site scripting attacks,
they don't involve a server,
so this would be like a query param being
rendered without any filtering of any
kind, no filtering,
no escaping into the DOM.
Blind cross-site scripting,
you could argue that this is basically
the same as stored cross site scripting,
but it is sort of
an interesting subcategory.
So here's what that would look like.
You worked really hard to shore
up your public facing app.
But I can create some logging
out of that public facing app.
You're tailoring the logs, maybe you're
bringing it into a log aggregator.
It's an internal project at your company.
And I can basically trick the app into
logging something out, that when it's
read by your internal app,
which likely gets far less scrutiny,
far less protection then
your public facing stuff.
Now I can basically get an app that I
can't see to run this malicious code.
And what's interesting about
these is they can actually,
the attack can happen years after
that log gets put into place, right.
So this would be, and it takes advantage
of the fact that all of our internal apps,
I know for a fact having worked
with teams at Yahoo, at LinkedIn,
at Microsoft, at Facebook, at Google.
When they have an internal app,
there is far less review,
far less scrutiny, you can take shortcuts,
they have fewer tests,
just because that's
the mindset is that's for them.
But if you're sucking public data into it,
with that data can come,
that is a vector for an attack.
And if you can trick that app
into evaluating something,
now you're attacking an app that
you didn't even know was there.
And you can take advantage
of usually escalated,
usually you have credentials to be
able to do interesting things there
because you are behind the firewall,
right.
And you usually have the freedom to
read all data across the system that
the application didn't have access to.